en: update doc for gke deployment (#78)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-gcp-gke.md

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > * The Regional cluster is created by default, which creates nodes in the 3 Availability Zones. For example, if you configure `pd_count = 1`, 3 nodes are actually created for PD. You can specify the Availability Zones by configuring `node_locations`, or create the Zonal cluster by configuring `location`. See the example in `examples/` for details.

Reviewer: yes, it's correct.

    Outputs:

    how_to_ssh_to_bastion = gcloud compute ssh tidb-cluster-bastion --zone us-west1-b
    kubeconfig_file = ./credentials/kubeconfig_tidb-cluster
    ```

### Deploy the TiDB cluster and monitor

1. Prepare the TidbCluster and TidbMonitor CR files:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    cp manifests/{db,db-monitor}.yaml.example .
    ```

    Replace all `CLUSTER_NAME` in the `db.yaml` and `db-monitor.yaml` files with `default_tidb_cluster_name` (`tidb-cluster` by default) configured in the deployment using GKE.

    ```
    sed 's/CLUSTER_NAME/<tidb-cluster-name>/g' db.yaml.example > db.yaml
    sed 's/CLUSTER_NAME/<tidb-cluster-name>/g' db-monitor.yaml.example > db-monitor.yaml
    ```

    To complete the CR file configuration, refer to [TiDB Operator API documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/docs/api-references/docs.html) and [Configure Cluster using TidbCluster](configure-cluster-using-tidbcluster.md).

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > * Make sure the numbers of nodes in PD, TiKV, and TiDB are the same as the `replicas` field in `db.yaml`. Note that in the Regional cluster, the number of nodes actully created is `pd_count/tikv_count/tidb_count` * 3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > * Make sure the number of PD nodes, TiKV nodes, or TiDB nodes is the same as the value of the `replicas` field in `db.yaml`. Note that in the Regional cluster, the number of nodes to actually create is `pd_count` * `3`, `tikv_count` * `3`, or `tidb_count` * `3`.
```

    > * Make sure `spec.initializer.version` in `db-monitor.yaml` is the same as `spec.version` in `db.yaml`. Otherwise, the monitor might not display correctly.

2. Create `Namespace`:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl --kubeconfig credentials/kubeconfig_<gke_name> create namespace <namespace>
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > You can give the [`namespace`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/) a name that is easy to memorize, such as the same name as `default_tidb_cluster_name`.

3. Deploy the TiDB cluster:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl --kubeconfig credentials/kubeconfig_<gke_name> create -f db.yaml -n <namespace>
    kubectl --kubeconfig credentials/kubeconfig_<gke_name> create -f db-monitor.yaml -n <namespace>
    ```

## Access the TiDB database

After `terraform apply` is successful executed, perform the following steps to access the TiDB cluster. Replace the `<>` section with the output of running `terraform apply` above.

1. Get the IP address of the TiDB Internal LoadBalancer:

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > You need to install the MySQL client before you connect to TiDB via MySQL. If you use CentOS, install by `sudo yum install -y mysql`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > You need to install the MySQL client before you connect to TiDB via MySQL. If you use CentOS, install the client by executing `sudo yum install -y mysql`.
```

>     > `<tidb_ilb_ip> is the IP address of the Internal LoadBalancer acquired before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > `<tidb_ilb_ip> is the IP address of the Internal LoadBalancer acquired in step 1.
```

    ```hcl
    module "example-tidb-cluster" {
      providers = {
          helm = "helm.gke"
      }
      source                     = "../modules/gcp/tidb-cluster"
      cluster_id                 = module.tidb-operator.cluster_id
      tidb_operator_id           = module.tidb-operator.tidb_operator_id
      gcp_project                = var.GCP_PROJECT
      gke_cluster_location       = local.location
      gke_cluster_name           = <gke-cluster-name>
      cluster_name               = <example-tidb-cluster>
      cluster_version            = "v3.0.1"
      kubeconfig_path            = local.kubeconfig
      tidb_cluster_chart_version = "v1.0.0"
      pd_instance_type           = "n1-standard-1"
      tikv_instance_type         = "n1-standard-4"
      tidb_instance_type         = "n1-standard-2"
      monitor_instance_type      = "n1-standard-1"
      pd_node_count              = 1
      tikv_node_count            = 2
      tidb_node_count            = 1
      monitor_node_count         = 1
    }
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > - `cluster_name` must be unique for each cluster.

>     > - The total number of nodes actually created for each component = the number of nodes in the configuration file * the number of Availability Zones in the Region. The number of Regional clusters is 3 by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > - The total number of nodes actually to create for each component = the number of nodes in the configuration file * the number of Availability Zones in the Region. The number of Regional clusters is `3` by default.
```
